Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to install the Swiper package.
And the reason for this is because whenever a user clicks on any of the products, that product might
have multiple images.
Right?
And what we want to be able to do is to be able to slide or swipe the image this way.
So to do that, we have to store this package in order to make our life much more easier.
To do this, you have to head up to the pop dot dev.
And over here we are going to search for swiper.
And.
Okay.
We're not going to be using this.
You can say this is depreciated.
So we have to scroll down to this where we have the flutter on the score.
Swiper on the score.
No, on the score.
Safety.
Okay, click on this.
And now we have to copy this code and then head back to our visa code and then the post back dot yaml
file.
And you can secretly hire vets already.
So what you have to do is to paste it and use control and save or get the package over here.
And most of the time, you just have to restart your voice code.
Okay.
So now we have to head back to the product detail screen, right?
Product detail.
And what we can then do is to use constraint based, make this wide and instead of having the centre
widget, we can then get rid of it.
Okay.
Now all of our widgets are going to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
So for this purpose, we are going to be using a column widget.
And as we know, a column can take multiple widgets which are going to be displayed vertically.
So it adds this children property and the first child is going to be a size box.
And the reason for the size box is because we basically want to give our image a height.
So over here we can use a size.
Size.
Sized.
Box and hide.
And this sort of person, a static figure over here.
We can make this responsive.
And to do that, we have to use the media, media query and dot contest.
And then we have to say dot size and dot height and we're just going to change this by 0.45.
He said.
And then we can have the chart, and the chart is going to be the Swiper package we just saw.
If for any reason you can't key into this, you just have to restart your code.
Okay.
Now the swipe bar has a property known as Page.
Sorry, pagination.
And the pagination is basically referring to how we are going to be able to slide or swipe that image.
And we want this way.
Right?
So what we can then say is swiper.
Swiper.
Pagination.
And the swipe our pagination is going to take something known as beta.
You can see it as well has some other property like key margin and alignment, but we're just going
to have just this beta and for the beta is also going to be a swipe bar.
Swipe her.
So I pagination and we can say dot dots.
What these dots will do is if we have three images, he's just going to have three dots over here and
we are going to be able to scroll this way.
Right.
Okay.
You're just going to see this.
But we are not going to go with this dot dots, but we have to go with this dot fraction.
So we are going to have numbers.
Okay.
And you're going to see this shortly.
And also the soy bar has a property known as item builder.
And the view there will always take in the context and as well the indents.
And of course, you can specify the type of context and also you can specify the type of index.
Nevada.
We need this and we basically would want to return an image the network.
Look for.
Now, what you just have to do is to head back to our browser.
And over here you can search for.
Sorry.
I think already.
Over a year, you can search for products, images.
And what I simply just do was to open one of these, I think this in a new tab or sorry, I can't find
it anymore.
All you just have to do is to open this via or maybe you just have to click on this.
Okay.
You can see the wire.
And I just have to maybe go with this for now and copy.
Image.
Address and box.
Office code.
And.
PS this.
Okay.
And why we need.
A cynical.
And you can see we still have this error.
And the reason for this error is because there is a property which we have not passed, which is known
as item counts for the item count.
We can just say we have just one image for now.
Okay, now use control.
And has to save.
Contrariness.
Okay.
And let's go check it out.
No image.
Okay, Cisco, you can see we have this image.
You can see we have this one over here.
And that is because we are saying swipe our pagination, those fraction.
If not, we could also say dot, dot.
Okay.
And is control necessary?
And this is of this you can see just one dot.
You can see we can then swipe this way, Cisco.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.